.TH "BASHPASS.CONF" "1" "2024-04-19" "BASHPASS.CONF 2024-04-19" "BASHPASS.CONF" "1"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
bashpass.conf \- BashPass configuration file

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
bashpass.conf
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBbashpass.conf\fR file is used to configure BashPass.
It contains various settings such as the user's GPG key ID.
.RE

.SH "FILE FORMAT"
The file consists of several parameters, each in the format \fBparameter: setting\fR.
Values following the colon are strings and do not need to be quoted.
.RE

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.RE
\fBkeyID\fR
.RS 4
The GPG key ID used to encrypt and decrypt the password file.
BashPass will prompt for one, if none is found.
.PP

.RE
\fBlength\fR
.RS 4
The preferred default length for newly generated passwords.
Length can still be set manually when generating a new password.
.PP

.RE
\fBlocation\fR
.RS 4
The path where BashPass has to store the password file, also known as the password store.
.PP

.RE
\fBtimer\fR
.RS 4
The preferred time, specified in seconds, BashPass will wait before clearing the clipboard when using the \fB--copy\fR option.
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLE"
\fBkeyID\fR: 2345678
.RE
\fBlength\fR: 20
.RE
\fBlocation\fR: .config/bashpass/passwords
.RE
\fBtimer\fR: 10
.PP

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
~/.config/bashpass/bashpass.conf
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBbashpass\fR(1)
.PP

.SH "AUTHOR"
\fBAnton Van Assche\fR <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports and other issues regarding \fBBashPass\fR, including suggestions, please report to the GitHub link below, through which the project is developed.
.PP
.RS 2
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/BashPass\fR>
.RE
