.TH "BASHPASS" "1" "2024-04-21" "BASHPASS 2024-04-21" "BASHPASS" "1"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
BashPass \- command-line based password manager written in Bash.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
bashpass [\fIOPTION\fR] [\fINAME\fR | \fISYNC_COMMAND\fR]
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Together with \fBGnuPG\fR, this command-line based password manager allows the user to safely save passwords on his devices.
All passwords are 100% stored locally and encrypted with the users own GPG key, so you don't have to trust a third party to store your passwords.
.RE

.SH "OPTIONS"

.RE
\fB--help\fR | \fB-h\fR
.RS 4
Show a brief help message.
.PP

.RE
\fB--version\fR | \fB-v\fR
.RS 4
Display the version number of your BashPass installation.
.PP

.RE
\fB--add\fR | \fB-a\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
Add a new password to the system. The password can be either self-chosen or auto-generated.
If no \fINAME\fR is specified, BashPass will ask for it.
.PP

.RE
\fB--copy\fR | \fB-c\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
Copy the password of the specified \fINAME\fR to the clipboard.
The clipboard will be cleared after a certain amount of time, specified in the configuration file.
.PP

.RE
\fB--delete\fR | \fB-d\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
Delete the password of the specified \fINAME\fR from the system.
.PP

.RE
\fB--show\fR | \fB-s\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
Print the password of the specified \fINAME\fR to stdout.
.PP

.RE
\fB--update\fR | \fB-u\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
Update the password of the specified \fINAME\fR.
The password can be either self-chosen or auto-generated.
.PP

.RE
\fB--list\fR | \fB-l\fR
.RS 4
List all the names of the passwords stored in the password store.
.PP

.RE
\fB--sync\fR | \fB-S\fR [\fISYNC_COMMAND\fR]
.RS 4
Sync the password store with a remote Git repository.
The \fISYNC_COMMAND\fR can be either \fBupload\fR or \fBdownload\fR.
.PP

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
/usr/bin/bashpass (\fBLinux and BSD\fR)
.RE
/usr/share/bin/bashpass (\fBmacOS\fR)
.RE
~/.config/bashpass/bashpass.conf
.RE
~/.local/share/bashpass/
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBbashpass.conf\fR(1)
.PP

.SH "AUTHOR"
\fBAnton Van Assche\fR <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports and other issues regarding \fBBashPass\fR, including suggestions, please report to the GitHub link below, through which the project is developed.
.PP
.RS 2
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/BashPass\fR>
.RE
