.TH "BASHPASS.CONF" "1" "2022-06-23" "BASHPASS.CONF 2022-06-23" "BASHPASS.CONF" "1"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq 
.ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
bashpass.conf \- configuration file for BashPass.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
bashpass.conf
.RE
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The bashpass.conf file is the configuration file for BashPass. This file contains various settings for the program. Such as the users keyID and email address.
.RE
.SH "FILE FORMAT"
The file consists of various parameters. A parameter can be identified by the following format: \fBparameter: setting\fR.
.RE
.PP
The values following the colon in parameters are all strings, there is no need to surround these string with quotes.
.RE
.SH "PARAMETERS"
\fBversion\fR
.RS 4
This parameter is the version of the program. This parameter will be updated when the program is updated.
.RE
.PP
\fBlocation\fR
.RS 4
This parameter contains the location of the where the program will save the passwords.
.RE
.PP
\fBtimer\fR
.RS 4
This parameter contains the amount of seconds to wait before clearing the clipboard when using the \fB--copy\fR argument.
.RE
.PP
\fBlength\fR
.RS 4
This parameter contains the default length for generating a new password.
.RE
.PP
\fBemail\fR
.RS 4
This parameter contains the user's email address that is used when the GPG key was generated.
.RE
.PP
\fBkeyID\fR
.RS 4
This parameter contains the ID of the GPG key that will be used to encrypt the password.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitRepo\fR
.RS 4
This parameter contains the URL used to synchronize passwords between the local device and the remote git repository.
.RE
.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
~/.config/bashpass/bashpass.conf
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBbashpass\fR(1)
.SH "AUTHOR"
\fBAnton Van Assche\fR <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports and other issues regarding \fBBashPass\fR, including suggestions, please report to the GitHub link below, through which the project is developed.
.PP
.RS 2
\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/BashPass\fR
.RE
