.TH "BASHPASS" "1" "2023-11-16" "BASHPASS 2023-11-16" "BASHPASS" "1"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
bashpass \- command-line based password manager written in Bash.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
bashpass [\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
A \fINAME\fR does not need to be specified, the program will ask for it if none is given as an argument.
.RE
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Together with \fBGnuPG\fR, this command-line based password manager allows the user to safely save passwords on his devices. All passwords are 100% stored locally and encrypted with the users own GPG key, so you don't have to trust a third party to store your passwords.
.RE
.SH "OPTIONS"
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
.RS 4
Display a brief help message.
.RE
.PP
\fB-v\fR, \fB--version\fR
.RS 4
Display the version number of your BashPass installation.
.RE
.PP
\fB-l\fR, \fB--list\fR
.RS 4
List all saved passwords by name.
.RE
.PP
\fB-a\fR, \fB--add\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
Add a new password to the system. The password can be either self-chosen or auto-generated.
.RE
.PP
\fB-u\fR, \fB--update\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
Update a saved password with a new value. The password can be either self-chosen or auto-generated.
.RE
.PP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--delete\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
Delete a saved password from the system.
.RE
.PP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--show\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
Display a saved password with a given name. Note that this option will not clear the terminal, so it is not recommended for use in crowded environments.
.RE
.PP
\fB-c\fR, \fB--copy\fR [\fINAME\fR]
.RS 4
This option allows users to copy a password with a specific name to the clipboard. To enhance security, the clipboard is cleared after a certain amount of time. The duration for clearing the clipboard can be modified by adjusting the \fItimer\fR parameter in the (~/.config/bashpass/bashpass.conf) configuration file. Note that this option requires either \fIxclip\fR (for X11), \fIxsel\fR (for X11), \fIwl-clipboard\fR (for Wayland), or \fIpbcopy\fR (on macOS) to be installed on the system.
.RE
.PP
\fB-S\fR, \fB--sync\fR [\fIupload/download\fR]
.RS 4
This option allows the user to synchronize passwords between a git repository and their local device in both directions. The git repository can be self-hosted or hosted via a third-party service such as GitHub or GitLab. To use this option, the \fIGIT(1)\fR utility must be installed on the user's system, and a working internet connection must be available.
.PP
\fBNOTE\fR that the user will need to import their GPG key on every device they want to use for synchronization. A guide on importing and exporting GPG keys can be found at <https://www.debuntu.org/how-to-importexport-gpg-key-pair/>.
.RE
.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
/usr/bin/bashpass (\fBFor Linux and BSD systems\fR)
.RE
/usr/share/bin/bashpass (\fBFor Mac OS systems\fR)
.RE
~/.config/bashpass/bashpass.conf
.RE
~/.local/share/bashpass/
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBbashpass.conf\fR(1)
.SH "AUTHOR"
\fBAnton Van Assche\fR <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports and other issues regarding \fBBashPass\fR, including suggestions, please report to the GitHub link below, through which the project is developed.
.PP
.RS 2
\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/BashPass\fR
.RE
